um so this time I'm going to talk about
structured prediction and this is very
important in natural language processing
tasks because maybe most of the tasks
were interested in doing our structured
prediction tasks and one of the
prediction problems that I've been
talking about all this time where we
take I hate this movie I love this movie
and predict very bad or very good this
is one type of prediction test we can
make and this is one example but we can
also kind of split our prediction tasks
into a bunch of different classes I
guess so we can we can classify our
classifiers if you will so we have our
two classes which are our binary
classifiers that might be I hate this
movie and it goes into a positive or
negative we have multiple classes multi
class so this is I hate this movie and
then we get very booked very good - very
bad five classes or we can do we can
have structured classification tasks or
structured prediction tasks usually we
say structured prediction and these are
things where basically we have a very
very large number of labels so many that
we can't handle them properly in one
example of this is I hate this movie and
we get the part of speech string and the
other one is I hate this movie and we
translate it into some other some other
thing here so how many how many classes
are we classifying over for these two
problems any ideas what is the Big O of
these they're not big Oh actually we can
calculate exactly
s'okay this is a number of tents in the
power length of sentence yet so Kate
let's call it L yeah so for the first
case and what about the second case yeah
exactly it's infinite because we can
generate an infinitely long so needless
to say we can't enumerate all of these
so we can't we can't just do what we
would normally do for binary
classification or multi-class
classification here um so why do we call
this structured prediction instead of
like exponential class prediction or
infinite infinite class prediction or
something like that and basically the
reason why is because well so classes
are too numerous to enumerate and we
need some sort of method to exploit the
problem structure to learn effectively
and here structure doesn't mean anything
like parts tree structure or linguistic
structure it just means that there's
some like similarity between the the
things that we can exploit one example
of this is if we have two part of speech
strings this top part of speech string
in the bottom part of each string are
basically very similar and we can use
the fact that we can kind of define the
similarity between these two in some way
that allows us to do classification or
learning in a better way um so I will be
talking about sequence very good
probably this is just my interpretation
but it's because the prediction problem
itself is structured we might not
necessarily be predicting a structure if
you see what I mean
so like normally at least in linguistics
normally when we say a structure we're
talking about like a tree or something
like that and here it just needs to be
some of our some of our choices or some
of the things are interrelated in some
way you probably could call it structure
prediction if you wanted to but also
another reason why is because in
language we have collocations and
structured prediction is one of the
collocations that we use fairly often
it's a technical term so but I think it
does it does make sense to call it
structured prediction because it's the
structure of the problem that were
solving faced any any other questions
okay so I will be talking about sequence
labeling as an example of a structured
prediction problem actually as I said
probably if you think about any problem
in NLP and it's not text classification
it's going to be a structured prediction
problem so the stuff I talked about here
will basically apply to almost
everything that you want to do that's
interesting a tunnel people but sequence
labeling is probably the easiest one to
handle so we have one tagged for one
word where we could be doing part of
speech tagging where we take in these
and predict the part of speech and or
named entity recognition where we take
in words and predicts tags like this so
people are familiar with this kind of
like tagging scheme may be a bi Oh tags
yeah so so this is one way this is
another prediction so as a first attempt
to do this what we can do is we could
say each of these tags are independent
and we just want to classify them
independently
so in order to do this what do we do we
we can pad this we can turn all of these
into vectors and then we can take a
window around the this part of speech
and run it through a neural network and
predict the part of speech tag ERP here
we can do the same thing here
same thing here same thing here so we
make four decisions basically does this
work for a part of speech tagging or
named entity recognition has anybody
ever tried this before yeah there this
there's several papers on that I think
yet anyway this is a structured
prediction task in that it's a task
where we couldn't be able to use
structured predictions but we're not
doing structured prediction itself
because we're just making a whole bunch
of independent choices um does anybody
know how well this works what did the
paper say yeah actually I did
it's called trading trading structure
for features where basically they create
feature ice models and the answer is
this works almost as well as any of the
complicated things I'm going to tell you
but it works a little bit less well than
the complicated things that I'm going to
tell you so but you shouldn't you
shouldn't laugh it people who are doing
stuff with something like this because
it actually works quite well a lot of
the time for especially for sequence
labeling or other okay so let's let's do
this with a with a bi-directional lsdm
we take a bi-directional lsdm and we run
over the input sentence and then we we
make our predictions here so is this
structured prediction anybody
who says who says no who says yes so the
answer the answer here is no it's not
structured prediction and the reason why
well it's not a it's not a structured
prediction model and the reason why is
because we are still making independent
predictions even though we have some
really fancy feature extractor over the
input still essentially we're taking in
a window we're doing some complicated
transformations over it but it's still a
window of words in this case it's the
window where all the other words in the
sentence in making predictions so this
is essentially from a in terms of how
easy it is to do it's just as easy as as
the previous model that I came up with
when it becomes a structured prediction
problem is is when we start modeling
interactions between the output and then
the algorithms basically become hard
well our only task is part of speech
tagging I guess so it seems like it's a
single task but it's multiple decisions
and also one thing about multi task
learning which I'll talk about more
later is actually those decisions can be
independent and it's still a multi task
model so we might do part of speech
tagging and named entity recognition and
not model the interaction between the
part of speech tags and the named
entities so those would be independent
but it would still be a multi task model
so those are actually different
different any other questions
okay I will move on so why do we want to
do this um this is my favorite example
because it gives you a really good
example of my structured prediction is
important and it's a famous example that
you see everywhere so time flies like an
arrow we can come up with a number of
part of speech tags for this so this one
this one this one does anyone know what
these mean if you interpret them and
what's the first one what's it know
[Laughter]
knowing the part of speech tags is
important so the first one is now the
second one is for the third one is is
per position and the type of preposition
and then determined or than a noun but
what I actually meant to ask was the
each of these rows what does the what is
the interpretation of this row so the
first one is like the common
interpretation right what about the
second one yes so time flies are fond of
arrows and then the third one yeah it's
a command form so please measure the
type of fly similarly similarly to how
an arrow would or to how you would do
for an arrow so all of these are
interpretations that you know kind of
makes sense but but anyway so but one of
the one of the interesting things here
is all of these kind of vary a little
bit right and if you look at the
majority class for any of the part of
speech tags and take the maximum
frequency you actually get something
totally different so what this is saying
is time flies that are similar to an
arrow it's not even a complete sentence
it's lost it's a verb so by seeing this
you can
there's like lots of consistent part of
speech tagging sequences but if you look
one by one and make independent
classifications you actually might get
something that isn't that isn't
consistent or that isn't one of the
things that you expected so because of
this structured prediction is at least
ostensibly important um okay so how do
we create a structured prediction model
actually we've already done something
we've already done a structured
prediction model in this class so what
we do is we just take these part of
speech tags and we feed them back into
our forward basically our forward
encoder here so by doing this when you
make the next prediction you will you
will reference the tags that you've
already generated and what is this this
is similar to the encoder decoder model
that we created before before remember
if we had an encoder decoder we made one
decision and then we fed that decision
back into our network when we made our
next decision so this is how we one way
we can convert this so it will it will
basically consider the interrelationship
between these two X and if you do that
then maybe if we get to the first one it
will say okay I saw a verb first so I'm
very certain that the next one that's
going to be a noun as opposed to being
another verb or I know that I should be
including a verb in this sentence
somewhere and they haven't seen one yet
so I should raise the probability of for
up next so so that gives it the
capability to model these relationships
so are there are there any questions
about this yeah
um the taking decisions the sizes are
independent they only depend on the
source if you if you think about them
from a machine learning perspective what
we mean in machine learning by
independent is that basically you don't
condition any of your other decisions on
i'm each other so just to write it down
in the formula which which means they
should have done earlier on the slides
but when i say independent i basically
means our probability of the whole
sequence
is equal to
yes so the only thing that we use when
we condition on the the only thing we
use when we predict the next tag is the
input sentence and from the point of
view of of the neural network here we
haven't fed in we haven't when we
calculate the representations that are
used to make the decisions next time so
from that point of view it is it is
completely independent for this for this
one for this one here we make a decision
and then feed that back into the neural
network before making our next decision
so that that's the big that's a good
question
there's no reason at all so you could
feed from right to left um the only
possible reason is that humans read
sentences from left to right or
specifically they speak sentences from a
previous time point into the next time
point so in in English you read
sentences from left to right in Arabic
you read sentences from right to left in
Japanese sometimes you read sentences
from top to down at the bottom you know
if you follow the order that humans are
processing the sentences it might make
more sense that being said that's an
empirical problem for a machine because
there's no reason why a machine should
do the same thing a human should do but
also empirically you tend to do a better
job when you follow what humans are
doing so you tend to do a better job
when you go from left to right then when
you go from right to left lessons okay
any other
both for Arabic or something like that
well so for Arabic everything just goes
in the opposite direction they I I don't
know if people have extensively tested
that lots of languages it might be
interesting to see if it's more
prominent for certain language families
for example with what more or less
freeware orders yes
so that's that's a good question um the
way you normally recover from mistakes
is by doing bean search where you you
keep around several hypotheses at the at
once there are more tricky ways of doing
search but basically recovering from
mistakes in a way can be viewed as a
search problem um that being said next
time next we'll be talking about CRF
models that do dynamic programming to
find the globally most consistent
hypothesis and those basically have a
built in recovery mechanism also so
there's a number of different ways but
for this particular model so for for
dependency parsing for example one
somewhat successful technique has been
easy first which is basically you take
the easiest decision and make that
decision and then you base all your
other decisions based on that what you
described sounds like a different
version if you see first that I don't
know if anybody's tried before so um
okay so I will I will move on to the
next one which is training structured
models so the simplest training method
this will be our baseline and it's what
we used in our encoder/decoder model
before um is teacher forcing so teacher
forcing is just feed in the correct
previous tag so we already know the
correct tag for the whole sequence so we
just feed in the previous tag when we
calculate the representation that we'll
use to make our decisions so this is
simple and it's used in a lot of models
and we have a demonstration sorry these
file names are a little bit are a little
bit old because we changed the file
structure but we will be able to show an
example
this is this is training time yep so the
slide says this leg was training
tomorrow so this is um this is a
demonstration of the biology impaired in
general and then the teacher
force-feeding yeah
oh you don't sorry this is this is the
video none so so it the what you want is
over here okay that's that's confusing
okay so first we talk about using
basically no structured petition model
just a bias TM and at each position you
just protect labels independently so we
have training files which this is in
your tasks we use the PIO tagging as we
shown before so we have a training file
and develop
as before we set up by reading all those
files
well here we be what bye-bye durational
iron pewter with this dinette then it
has a pipe
there's my and buta which can help you
be were forward and that they were on an
at one time and then we have the softmax
matrices which help us to protect each
label normally we will have a lookup
table only for where embeddings later we
will have another word lookup table also
for the tags because we need to use tags
as input that's for teacher forcing in
this simple barium model we don't have
that so the position as we can see in in
the shell score function which is very
simple we just do affine transformation
basically we multiply the output of the
hidden layer to me which is W and we
plus bias term and then we just get that
score and we use that as a softmax
prediction score to get each label
so here's that almost the same training
code we use all the time each face will
calculate the will calculate the score
based on that xtm so the transducin
actually gives you the whole hidden
layer representations by taking a
sequence so by using transfuse when you
put in the sequence in the ASTM a
produce like for example if we have ten
words to give you back 10 hidden
representation so that means here we get
this word representation which are the
hidden layer output by the PI ice cream
and then as we said before we do this
score using affine transformation we get
that score and from that score when you
pick the softmax the largest softmax
item test our prediction so this is very
simple every time we use a hidden layer
we multiply by a matrix W we plus the B
we get a score and then we pick the
highest one as our final position so you
can see that each class they don't
really require anything before after
so it's individual decisions that they
also talk about yeah
so in in this piece of code we just
modify the previous buyers TM with a lot
of additions
some of them will cover them later in
the class let's look at arguments what
were available here so first ones as a
teacher there's a teacher forcing
parameter we have this cause and hinge
which we talk about later so let's focus
on how this teacher parameter change the
stuff
so whenever teacher forcing it's
activated only a couple lines are
chained which which are pretty trivial
if you already have a bios TM so read
the data as before if we use teacher
forcing we now also have a tag lookup
table because we have lookup tables are
for embeddings to in as input to the
system right for normal party and we
only need word embedding as input right
now we also use tag we can cut in an
attack in the forward is TM that's why
we need to lookup table for the text as
well here we initialize the lookup table
like randomly we don't have word
embeddings pre-trained or whatever
because they're not many texts anyway so
another teacher forcing changes that we
don't kind of we can take the convenient
by a computer we have to view the
forward iron and prepare iron and
separately because the four one will
have a teacher forcing component we need
to look at a previous tab but you can
give the the previous head to a backward
one right as a parent whenever it is
scores from the right to left it doesn't
have the label information so if we use
teacher forcing we will have two for our
TM in a little bit different because the
hidden layer has embedding size plus
sorry the employee have embedding size
and attack and variance eyes while you
when you don't use teacher teacher
forcing you only have like embeddings
not at habit not the ten batiks taylor
at this we have the hidden size output
for for the ASTM umpires team we
actually because we have two of them so
if we divide this by two 144 want one
for the backward now the better one is
actually simple it's the same as the
four one except that it doesn't have a
10-bit the rest of them are almost the
same but during training we cannot use
that we cannot use the transduce matter
easily here because we need to always
fit the previous tag here to do that you
have to like kind of manually iterate
through the ASTM one by one here's how
we do that we take the IBM's initial
state and then there's a function in
dinette which call input at input so
each time when you add input it takes
one of your input vector and computer
item gates and whatever to produce a new
hidden hidden representation so the only
difference here is that we are manually
doing transduce instead of doing
transduce using Dinah's automatic
functions one thing that we do is we use
the previous output right we use the
forward layer predict output and then
the better representations together so
for employees a concatenation of the
word embedding and the tag embedding
which we'll look at the previous
so here when doing training and testing
is different when we use the simplest
teacher forcing during training we are
always using ghosts and attacks and
doing testing we are always using the
system predicted test so this function
actually take a reference tag which are
go standard so when the function goes
here if we find some reference tab if
you put the reference back as a previous
tab here we have a sample function which
I'm not going to cover it right now you
can imagine this simple function always
return true for future forcing so when
there's always return to the previous
tab will always be the reference tab so
that's the teacher forcing training with
training part doing testing all you need
to do is that you don't provide the
reference text it would take the actual
predictions in the previous test step so
I think that's all for teacher forcing
[Music]
we need to have embeddings for text yes
custom they will be used as input to the
system you have to represent it in some
way just like the word weddings so I'm
actually not very sure how large when
implement this coin I'm actually not
very sure how large the tax base should
be I just write 16 it looks reasonable
16 yeah I mean the system dimension
vector as opposed for the we're
embedding we're 64 so it's the very
empirical choice Oh
so the transduce will take well during
training actually you can do transfuse
because you you know the tax already but
during testing you you don't because you
have to put it one by one here the only
reason is that I want to combine into
one function so actually wrote two
version of that but I think for
demonstration purposes easier as
the tag embedding well you have to use
the same tag embedding that you train
right when after you training you have
to like keep the tag embedding
dictionaries and doing the tag so here
while doing training you are kind of
learning both the were embedding and
learning the tag embeddings that you are
fine-tuning the tack and letting here
because tan bedding is I initialize
randomly to fine-tune this all you learn
so it's actually very important to
preserve that and for testing you're
keeping the same very good I have one
more comment in response to this which
is that this is actually the better
choice there compared to writing two
things for training and testing simply
because if you write two things for
training and testing it will break your
code 95% of the time and then you need
to spend a lot of time debugging so the
closer you can write your training and
testing code and reuse as much of it as
possible that's definitely a good thing
to do so I I think this is better that
being said it can be more efficient if
you do it the other way but unless this
would still be pretty test and unless
you really really are having troubles
with efficiency the amount of time
you'll spend not debugging will probably
save the time that you would spend and
running your experiments a little bit
okay so let me let me move back to the
slides so yeah yeah
um just the one most probable tag is the
most common way you could also think of
taking a probability over all the tags
and then mixing the tags together people
have tried doing this this almost always
works worse than just taking ball on
dusted what's better is to do something
like beam search where you consider you
know the tags based on their score and
you can keep multiple hypotheses and
that will work better than just taking
the one bus um but mixing together the
tag tag embeddings based on their
probabilities is something that people
have tried but it usually doesn't work
very transduce does a whole sequence at
one time add input does a single input
at one time transduce is a convenience
function that does a four loop of they
had inputs so if you don't want to write
it yourself you can use transduce it
probably doesn't make a huge difference
okay so I'll move on so um teacher
forcing is a very is very commonly used
it's actually used in a lot of things
and you probably many of the people in
this class can just use it without
thinking about it too much but if you
want to get a little bit of extra
accuracy doing some sort of structured
prediction is often a good idea and the
reason why is teacher forcing basically
and these models has two problems one of
them is that teacher forcing assumes
when you're training using teacher
forcing you have your true outputs and
your training using your true output but
a test time you're using your predicted
output so there's a mismatch here right
so if as long as you predict okay you're
fine you'll have a well trained model
but the moment you make a mistake in
your prediction suddenly you get you get
this wrong thing you feed in this wrong
thing and your model has never seen any
mistakes before so a trust
that this previous prediction was
absolutely correct it has no doubt that
this was correct so what it will do is
then it will go into this crazy state
where you know it just trusts this and
continues to do this forever so this is
a problem and this is a very real
problem it's a bigger problem for models
where that are harder like machine
translation for example it's less of a
problem for tagging but it still is a
problem and this is called exposure bias
this is a name called exposure bias and
the reason why it's called exposure
biases a model has not been exposed to
mistakes during training which means it
cannot it cannot deal with them at test
time it's been exposed to different data
at training and testing um another set
of terms is local normalization versus
global normalization so vocal
normalization all the models have talked
about so far are locally normalized and
what this means is that every decision
they make is a probability so before
every decision you do you take a soft
Max and you calculate a probability
which means they sum there between 0 & 1
and then you make that decision this is
you can figure this out by you can see
that by taking the product here and
these each of these sums to 1
in contrast globally normalized models
which were called energy based models in
the reading are models where each
sentence has a score this is not
normalized over a particular decision
but it's normalized over the entire
sentence or the entire sequence of
decisions you make so it looks like this
all of the sentences in the sentence on
top is your actual sentence the sentence
on the bottom is all the sentences in
your vocabulary or all of the possible
candidates that you're going to be
looking at and if you remember in
structured prediction what were our
options are options were k2 the hell you
know K tags times
exponent of L or it's infinite in
something like machine transmission so
this is an extremely large sum it's so
large that we can't enumerate over it
in contrast the sum at the top this is
over the vocabulary this might be a big
vocabulary but we can we can enumerate
over it so the top one we can train
using relatively simple methods the
bottom one is harder to Train however
local ly normalized models have a
problem called exposure bias this is an
example from a paper on CRFs
which the which the we'll be talking
about next time in detail but basically
let's say we have we have two paths that
we want to decide which path is good and
we have basically an RNN based model
that reads in all of the previous links
we've seen and chooses which of these
paths to take and then we see R into R
these are exactly the same so they'll
get exactly the same probability then
let's say we have RI in the model likes
RI at scene RI a whole bunch of times so
it gives it a high a high score then we
locally normalize over all of our
choices and we get a probability of one
because there's only one choice so if
there's only one choice the probability
of that choice yes on the other hand the
model really hates ro
it got a it's never seen ro before this
language doesn't ever use the word ro
what we've set a score of negative 15
then we take our soft max over a vector
of size 1 with negative score of
negative 15 and suddenly the probability
becomes 1 because we're dividing we're
dividing by this values so still we get
a probability of 1 and then maybe maybe
and B the same thing happened or then B
the same thing will happen because
there's only one choice um so the
problem here just to summarize this is a
really oversimplified example that I got
from the CRF paper but this is something
that happens all the time
and basically the this is an instance of
something called label bias and it's
basically the problem that locally
normalized models can't penalize things
that they realize we're bad later they
can't like penalize decisions that they
realized were bad afterwards because
still they have to give a probability
that sums up to one over the decisions
that they're making so because of this
in contrast let's say we had a globally
normalize model where our we have our ID
our OB we have plus 0.5 for both of
these then we have two then we have
negative 10 and then we have 1 and then
we have negative 2 or something like
this then we sum all of these up at the
end and we normalize and because we sum
to normalize now the sum of these is 3.5
in the sum of these is negative eleven
point five in this gets this gets a much
higher probability than the other ones
so basically by waiting until the end
before we sum up our scores we can
penalize even we can penalize like all
our choices in a particular state and
give them all a large negative scores so
the model can go back and say oh this
was a really bad idea to pick this
earlier earlier so so that there are
advantages of using
but there are problems training so the
denominator is too big so we must do
something tricky one thing we can do is
consider only a subset of the hypotheses
which we'll talk about this time and
next time or we can design a model so we
can efficiently enumerate all of the
hypotheses which is what would be good
wasp functions that depend on the entire
sequence but not just yet we'll be
talking about some of those
yes yes
that's a good question
it's does anyone know graphical models
well I tend to think the answer is yes
but I don't want to say I don't want to
say yes without without being very
confident about that the question was
are all locally normalized yeah
well this is a very good yeah this is a
very good question but unless somebody
here can answer with confidence
fairly confident okay yeah so I'll try
to get back to that but um fully
normalized models yeah I'll get back to
that just in interest of time without
working through it um okay so um one
very one very good way to train global
models not necessarily globally
normalized models but you can call them
a global model at least is the
structured perceptron algorithm and that
this is a very very simple algorithm
that people may have heard of before but
it's a very way to a very simple way to
train non probabilistic global models so
the reason why I'm not calling it an
globally normalized model is because we
don't explicitly calculate a probability
but it's very similar to a global we
normalize model and if you wanted to
make it a global we normalized
probability you could by just summing up
all the all the scores and dividing it
okay so the way we do this is we find
the one best
the one best hypothesis and if it's
score is better than the the correct
answer we adjust the parameters to fix
this so if we write it out in in an
algorithm it's basically four lines long
so in the first line we find the one
best according to the score but we find
the one best two that is not equal to
the well actually in this case we can
find the one best or the one best that's
not equal to the correct answer either
is okay but for consistency down the
down the line I'm saying we're finding
the one best that is not equal to the
correct answer then in the second one if
the score is better than or equal to the
score of the correct answer then we do a
parameter update where we increase the
score of the reference and we decrease
the score of the one best I mean here
I'm giving an example of updating using
stochastic gradient descent where we add
the derivatives in and multiply by alpha
but we could we could do this in in any
other update if we wanted to use Adam to
do this update we could as well um so
basically here and we can express this
is a loss function so the way we do this
is we basically take the max of 0 and
and the score difference between the one
best and and the other one so you can
see basically the reason why we hit the
max is this max corresponds to this if
statement if this if statement is false
we do nothing
so our loss is zero and if our loss is
zero we don't
have the ingredients so we don't do
anything if the loss is not zero then we
basically have this here and then we
could take the derivative of this and do
that or do this um yeah the resulting
gradient looks like the perceptron
algorithm oh yeah sorry I actually had
wrote this on the slide so this is this
is what it looks like um in the
interesting thing here is this is a
normal loss function it can be used in
any neural network that you would like a
lot of people have probably heard this
if you've heard of this in the context
of linear models where basically you add
the features that the linear model
calculated and subtracted and the
features of the correct answer or
subtract the features of the incorrect
answer but um this is equivalent to
doing whatever you heard you did in in
linear model space but you can use it
with neural networks as well you can use
it in indictment or well but one major
difference from the previous things that
we talked about is that now this
requires finding the Arg max it requires
finding the highest-scoring sentence in
addition so now we need to do prediction
during training time so this is very
different from the models we've done
before the models we've done before we
didn't have to make any predictions at
training time but now in this model we
did um so to contrast the perceptron
with global normalization if we think
about a globally normalized
probabilistic model it looks like this
basically our loss might be the loss the
probability of the correct answer which
is normalized by all the other things
here whereas the structured perceptron
loss looked like this this is what I
just introduced in the West slide we
could also think of something like the
global structured perceptron so the
global structure the perceptron would be
basically where instead of thinking the
Arg max we just enumerated over all of
the other hypotheses and and took the
sum of these loss functions
so there's kind of two differences that
move us from the globally normalized
model through the structured perceptron
one is that we're changing the loss
function and the other is that we're
only taking the one the one best so
there's kind of two steps to move from
the oh yeah in the bottom one has the
same computational problems this global
we normalize parabolas
so one thing I should mention is that
the global the global models or one of
the problems with this is that um neural
networks have lots of parameters in a
big output space which means training is
hard and there are trade-offs between
the training algorithms so if we select
just one negative example like we do for
the structured perceptron algorithm
training can become inefficient and what
I mean by this is sorry ie the slides a
little bit confusing but what I mean by
this is this is in contrast to things
like locally normalized models because
locally normalized models if you think
about it they're considering the whole
vocabulary when they calculate the
softmax ingredients flow back through
all of the elements in the vocabulary so
this one if this one's to the correct
one this one gets a plus and then all of
the others get minuses in the structured
perceptron we only have a single
negative example so so only this one
gets a minus and all of the others so
this is kind of like negative sampling
also if you think about it we talked
about negative sampling earlier and it
shares the kind of same same problems
teacher forcing on the other hand
efficiently updates all the parameters
but it has the problems of exposure bias
and label bias so which one which one do
you take in the answer in neural
networks is very commonly this is not
the only
answer that there is but one of the
things that people very commonly do is
to pre train with the teacher forcing
type model and then fine tune with a
more complicated algorithm so you reread
in your model and in you tune with the
better algorithm so the structured
perceptron we never calculate the
partition function that's actually one
of the advantages on this court with us
so S is not a probability actually S is
just a score it doesn't need to be
normalized yeah your predictors are max
right if they always larger than there's
no need to minimum between zero and
um when you take the art mix it's always
better than larger lager well it's
always larger or the same it could be
the only reason why I did that is
because you need needed for the margin
later so what so the question was um
yeah yeah so that the question was
because the Arg mix is always guaranteed
to be greater or equal to the gold
standard we actually don't need to take
the max in the loss function because it
will always use that loss function there
will always be greater than 0 greater
than or equal to zero and that's true
but we need it for the thing I'm going
to talk about next which is what I'll do
that later I'll do that later
ok so I asked the question because in
the implementation I actually didn't do
that math between zero and that score so
just two so asked the question to
clarify otherwise you think I'm
implemented wrong so just let's look at
another argument here just adding this
perceptron so in the previous demo we
didn't show that one thing we didn't
show there's the loss but here the only
thing changes are lost
so when calculating the loss
it's actually at the training part so we
calculate we call a function calculus
let's find care loss when you think
structure perception we are calling a
different function when not using we're
just using energy basically to see how
the scores in them to compare the score
in text we structure perceptron we have
to do perception loss so let's look at
how perception loss is implemented let's
ignore this cost augmented thing first
let's assume this is always false for
now when his one Force one thing we are
doing here is that we are doing a
prediction that's what we do in that's
what Graham talked about we have to do
one tradition during the training right
so we do the prediction we for each
score we just arc mesh to find the best
index we have so this provision is
actually pretty trivial we pick the
high-scoring dozen for each position so
we get a prediction and then that's Lord
Martin for now after getting the
petition we calculated the reference
score and prediction score by a function
called calculated sequence for let's
let's ignore the how we calculate this
for now but we know that tradition score
is the argument it must be the Lord it
must be larger than the reference for
right so when we do prediction score -
reference score is always larger than
zero so we don't need to take the max
between bet when we want to add a margin
and other things we probably need that
but that's for the next demo so ignoring
all other conditions the loss is just
prediction score - reference court and
that's actually pretty trivial to
compute and we return this loss instead
of the mlu loss for how to calculate a
sequence score is actually just summing
up for for this case we're just summing
up each precision
in the back and we just sum up the tax
score for the whole sequence will have
more complicated way of calculating the
sequence score in the next lecture I
think in this case we are making single
decisions each time so all those pretty
simple so that's all we have changed to
make perception loss work we we need one
function to calculate sequence score and
we we need one prediction during the
training for the perceptron loss these
scores were calculated by searching well
doing prediction right so perdition is
the weight of yes so you searched for
you you search for the correct answer to
get these words this is we search for
the answer
search plans that we give in particular
and this is the arc mass petition
because we are we have we are making
individual decisions really don't need
to care about a structure much I think
that that's right check but so so yeah
so basically this is I believe this is
an implementation of the
so that was basically an implementation
of the thing here like this um okay so I
will move on we're a little bit short on
time so I will I'll do this I might
actually not do the last part this time
and we can move it the next time maybe
because I think this is this is
important to cover carefully and
understand well but um so the next thing
is hinged loss and cost sensitive
training so the basic idea is I think
almost everybody in this class will have
seen something like this in a like
entry-level machine learning course but
um which of these lines is better the
dotted line or the dashed line if we
want to separate these things so who
thinks the dotted line who thinks the
dashed line okay if anybody raised a
hand for the dotted line I'm recording
you to your machine learning instructor
but both of these have zero perceptron
loss so so what we do as you have we
know from some sort of machine learning
course is we add a margin and we can do
this with something called the hinge
loss so the perceptron loss basically
looks like this it's the difference
between the scores where the x-axis is
basically it will be larger the more the
incorrect answer is is worse than the or
is better than the code it's larger than
the correct answer and then we have a we
have a margin a hinge loss so basically
what the hinge loss is is if we have a
margin of 1 we start paying the loss
even if it's um even if it's a little
bit better even if the proposed one is a
little bit better or sorry even if the
correct one is a little bit better than
the next best hypothesis and the way we
do this is simply by taking the person
from Lawson adding a margin term here so
we had em and in this case in the case
of this graph M is equal to one and one
thing that you should keep in mind about
Hinch losses we can actually swap this
in anytime we were using cross-entropy
previously so like let's say we did a
cross entropy based probabilistic loss
for our tagger what we could do is we
could just take take a hinge loss
instead like this and in dinette it's as
simple as doing something like this we
just take all our Picnic blocks off
mixes we do a global search and replace
and we replace it with the hinge loss
function and we can set the margin to be
1 or whatever we want what would you
want to do this in many cases the answer
is yes sometimes this sometimes this
works better in many cases answer is no
I don't think there's really any
consensus and people tend to like
probabilities so people often will take
the first one but the second one works
pretty well for a lot of another very
useful thing this was in the in the
reading materials as well as you can
actually decide a cost for each mistake
you make so sometimes some decisions are
worse than others so if you take your
verb and you mistake it in two of vvp I
actually didn't know the difference
between these two part of speech tags
until I looked them up a few days ago so
the the verb V B is the base form of the
verb in VB P is the nan third person
present form which is almost always the
same in English and if you make this
mistake it will you know it will not
have a big effect downstream your parser
will still work most of the time etc
however if you mistake a verb into a
noun that's probably a pretty bad thing
because it will break everything so the
cost augmented hinge basically defines a
cost for each incorrect decision and
sets the margin equal to the
cost so each decision ye hat has the
cost why or it has a cost with respect
to the correct answer and and you add
this in place of a fixed margin which
allows you to basically say I want to be
much safer if I'm going to make a very
bad decision um you can also do costs
over sequences so up until now I was
saying over a single part of speech tag
but let's say we have lots of part of
speech tags in a sequence one way to do
this is a 0 1 loss so if we make if we
make a mistake we get a loss of 1 if we
don't make a mistake anywhere in the
sequence we get a loss of 0 and this is
basically what maximum likelihood models
are attempting to optimize their
attempting to try to make you not make a
mistake anywhere in the sequence and
specifically you can say they're
calculating the risk with respect to 0 1
loss which is the expected so yeah
that's what it looks like in equations
we can also think of the hemming loss so
the hemming losses every time we make a
mistake we pay a loss of 1 so now our
our loss is just the sum of all of the
mistakes that we make in the sequence so
this is better because let's say we have
a part of speech tagger we would rather
have it not make 3 part of speech 3
mistakes instead of making one mistake
so you get a bigger you get a bigger
cost when you make 3 mistakes it when
you get um there are other losses like
at a distance 1 - Bloo score or whatever
if you're doing another task where you
get evaluated on these and you can use
any of these
Oh for the hemming loss yes we could
replace this Delta function with a part
of speech sensor sensitive cost function
if we want to do as well okay yeah in
the in the weights
um you can do a hinge loss over
sequences which I'm going to talk about
next so so structured hinge loss that's
exactly what I was about to talk about
so it's basically the hinge loss over
the sequence with the largest margin
violation so we can think of normally
before when I was talking about the
structured perceptron basically what we
did was we took the arguments and we
found the we found the sequence with the
highest score and we use that is
basically our negative sample but in
this case instead of taking the instead
of taking the one with the highest score
we take the one with the highest score
plus the cost of the sequence so what
this says is you're making it really
easy to pick something that's really bad
if it has a high score so anything
that's really bad we wanted to have a
really low score so we don't pick it
according to this and this was the kind
of this was the thing in the book that
somebody asked about on Piazza what it
said in the book I think was we want to
pick something that has a high score and
bad or high score am like relatively bad
or something like that it was a kind of
it was a very tricky sentence but this
is what the what the book was talking
about there it's exactly this function
and then our hinge loss is our hinge
loss is basically equal to two this and
nice thing about this is by doing that
search over the arguments of the cost
plus the s we will find the hypothesis
that gives us the worst hinge loss and
this is out of all the hypotheses that
we could choose by taking the arguments
with this particular equation we'll get
the worst hinge loss another way we
could do this is like I mentioned before
we could do a global thing where we
added together all the added over all of
the possible sequences but that's you
know not possible for efficiency regions
so this one gives us at least the worst
hinge loads and in the original paper
they proposed this this is a paper by by
Ben Tasker at all what they did they did
a far more tricky thing which was
basically every time you found one of
these you added it to the set of the
hypotheses you considered and then did
some tricky batch optimization to try to
get things to work but um but basically
we can also use something like this in a
stochastic gradient descent type
algorithm where we just do this for
every training example over and over and
over again and we can do a pretty good
job so how do we how do we do the art
max above how do we how do we find this
Arg max um we kind of know how to find
our max for s we can do it with greedy
search or we can do it with beam search
but the solution but it's not entirely
trivial when we calculate this cost but
in some cases were able to consider this
cost when we search for the best
hypothesis and Heming loss is one of
those very lucky cases so the way we do
search or the reason why is because
hemming loss is decomposable over each
word so the solution is we basically add
a score equal to the cost to each
incorrect choice during the search so we
take our we take our input here and
predict scores and normally here here
the correct answer is
the correct answer is PRP so normally
this would be normally we just select
PRP and then we'd continue we continue
on with our search through the the
sequence but instead what we do is we
add a bonus to everything except the
correct answer and by giving a bonus to
everything except the correct answer now
0.5 plus 1 for noun will now become the
one that gets selected so what we're
doing is we're making it really really
hard for our model to find the correct
answer and then we're penalizing it
every time it makes mistakes so it's
like a really mean teacher that gives
you quizzes that are almost impossible
to answer and then hits you every time
you hits you every time you make
mistakes so if you don't feel sorry for
your neural networks you can you can use
this cost Augmented decoding and then of
course if you make a mistake you feed
this back in so the worst thing about
this is now you feed it back in your
mistake you're more confused and you
make more mistakes until you get the
whole sequence wrong but every time you
get the whole sequence wrong you learn
to do it a little bit better and so this
is actually a very nice training
algorithm so yeah let's let's try this
so the main thing we need to do here is
just we add a cost we added hinge at
this to argument to this function to
this script we're always talking about
search but Kearney our motor is only
doing local decisions so search is
basically finding the arguments at each
position let's just take let's just take
a look at how the mean teacher work so
this is this function is called hemming
Augmented decoding so we add hem gloss
into every during decoding we add a
hemming cost to every incorrect answer
so we have to know the correct tag for
this case we take this course and we
know the reference text and for each
time the current scores are actually
predicted by the system and the cost
would compute at whether so the cost for
if it is incorrect the cost for this
reference tip the only the only the only
index that doesn't only tip it doesn't
get a cost it's a correct one so cause
for this is zero yeah the other ones are
all in disguised as one so this is a
hemming loss is either 1 or 0 and then
we just make the argument a result as by
adding the original scores and the cost
because the correct one now is 0 you
don't add a cost for that for the rest
of them you all edible so here that's
how you get the argument this score so
this is original score and we return the
Augmented scores for every case and
after doing this the rest of the
function doesn't get change
we are cold
it's hard for me to find where you call
the function but basically it's too long
but basically is whenever when you want
to use the ottoman discourse during a
prediction when to arc mess you just
return that and use this as a surgery so
instead of the original this is on
training time I mean in look at this you
have the reference ghost and are here at
testing how you don't get that otherwise
just return that right so I think that's
all for hemming Augmented decoding but
to add it to the last function is also
not very it's also very straightforward
let me find loss function it reduces
exposure so you know basically you're
you're helping your model get out of
very bad situations yeah okay I find
here so if you use cos augmented the
final thing is you get the loss is the
same you're just using the prediction
score minus the reference for where the
prediction is decoded using hemming
augmented decoding right so here's the
so you're likely to get wrong decisions
by adding the cause in this petition and
and then the prediction score so one
thing to note that is the prediction
score is not if you do this calculate
sequence score on the prediction
sequence you don't get a actual full
hemming stuff so you have to edit back
here and then minus the reference well
it might seems a little bit tricky here
but all you all you need to remember
it's just you have to boost the
incorrect ones and then also add that
boost during the loss otherwise
otherwise the prediction score will be
is possibly to be smaller than the
reference code that's not what you want
you remember to a better pose here
and then you if you use hinge you just
compare whether 0 is better when you do
that so here I haven't am not a
different margin which is not a margin
that go ahead and talk about in this
lecture so Graham says use the closest
margin you can also supply another like
consistent margin for every decision
which is not cover here so I think
that's probably not the important but
the idea is the same you want to add a
large margin between the correct
inference so as promised I will skip the
last part of today and move it to the
next time because I don't want because
we have 1 minute left in the class so I
don't want to keep so is there any like
last question yeah is the one she was
chosen by cross-validation um you can do
that or you could just choose one like
there's not a really strong motivation
for having a big margin or a small
margin
um it's unlike the margin in traditional
support vector machines where that
actually had kind of an effect of
regularization like if you've used a
traditional support vector machine
toolkit like the strength of the soft
margin thing you had a big effect here
that's not the case it just needs to be
you know a reasonable size of course if
it's if it's 10 million or 0 then that's
not good but one is probably reasonable
or one times it costing I I think either
either is fine I'm going to talk about
reinforcement learning later we're also
probably going to talk about minimum
risk training reinforcement learning
reinforcement learning there's a lot of
reinforcement learning algorithms also
with very different characteristics so
it's kind of hard to say reinforcement
learning is a single algorithm but you
yeah it's um
I don't know if anybody's actually
looked at that very closely
um my impression is that margin based
methods are actually very good they they
work well they're flexible but you know
it's in the end it's an empirical and
that's next class okay thanks a lot
everybody